**************
JAVA BACKEND DEVELOPER WITH 3 YEARS OF HANDS-ON EXPERIENCE
A fast self-learner and an excellent team player with passion for the quality of the code and the product
Looking for the next place to apply my skills and experience, i.e. for a full time back-end developer position
Name : peter kavinsky
Phone:		4567891231
E-mail:		petah@rmail.com
Birthdate:		
Residence:		Petah Tikva
Languages:		English	
EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
Programming languages:		JAVA, Go, JavaScript, TypeScript
Databases:				MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Couchbase
Frameworks and technologies:	Spring, ORM Hibernate, JDBC, Apache Kafka, Apache Camel, Broadleaf, Angular 4, Maven, JUnit, REST, WSDL
Environments – IDE/tools:		Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA, WebStorm, VS Code, Postman, Git, SVN, Perforce, Jenkins, Docker, IBM WebSphere, JBoss Fuse, TFS, JIRA
EXPERIENCE
2019 – 2020:	Amdocs (Raanana) – Java Back-End Developer
Working as a Java Back-End Developer inside a cross-functional scrum team, I participated in development and maintenance of a web application for customer management and commerce. Following the Agile methodology, I designed some new features of the app, refactored existing code, and often was a go-to person for some of my teammates.
Technologies: 	Java 8, Spring Boot, Hibernate, REST, Broadleaf, Apache Camel
Databases: 		MySQL, PostgreSQL, Couchbase
Tools: 		IntelliJ IDEA, JBoss Fuse, Postman, Jenkins, Docker, TFS
2018 – 2019:	Most Technologies (Petah Tikva) – Java Developer
As a part of a small team, I participated in development and maintaining of a desktop client-service application for insurance companies and pension funds. The work included deep understanding and refactoring of the existing code, designing some new essential features, solving critical problems in the app’s infrastructure itself, version control and deployment. Besides, I have written several manuals for my fellow developers in order to help them understand some parts of the system better.
Technologies: 	Java 6, IBM WebSphere, Web-Services (WSDL), Printboss utilities, Mainframe, UDB
EDUCATION
2017 – 2018:	Tel-Ran Educational Center (Rehovot) – Java Full-Stack           	             
During my studies, I have participated in several commercial and educational projects:
A web service for browsing restaurants and purchasing meals vouchers. Java 8, ORM Hibernate, Spring MVC, Spring Boot, MySQL, MongoDB, Angular 4.
A service for collecting and processing data from various rooms sensors. Generating randomized mocked data, maintaining back-end server (Java MVC, REST API), MySQL database (ORM Hibernate, Spring Boot), reducing and analyzing data (Apache Kafka), informing end user about alerts via emails.
A web service for browsing articles. Back-end server development (Java MVC, REST API), maintaining database with articles and user data (ORM Hibernate, Spring Boot).
Experimental development of a light-weight map reduce Big Data system. Back-end development using Go language, parallel mapping and reducing data.
Recommendations are available upon request